http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/2-aminoadipic 2-oxoadipic aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/2-methyl-3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-alpha-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-ketothiolase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-methylglutaconic aciduria 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-methylglutaconic aciduria 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-methylglutaconic aciduria 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3-methylglutaconic aciduria with deafness, encephalopathy, and Leigh-like syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3M syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3M syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3M syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3MC syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/3MC syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XX sex reversal 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XX sex reversal 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XX sex reversal 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XX sex reversal with dysgenesis of kidneys, adrenals, and lungs
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/46,XY sex reversal 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/5-oxoprolinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aaland island eye disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aarskog-Scott syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/ABCD syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Abetalipoproteinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Abnormal thyroid hormone metabolism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acatalasemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aceruloplasminemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achalasia-addisonianism-alacrima syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acheiropody
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achondrogenesis 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achondrogenesis 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achondrogenesis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achondroplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achromatopsia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achromatopsia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Achromatopsia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acid phosphatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acro-dermato-ungual-lacrimal-tooth syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrocallosal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrocapitofemoral dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrodermatitis enteropathica, zinc-deficiency type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrodysostosis 1, with or without hormone resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrodysostosis 2, with or without hormone resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrofacial dysostosis 1, Nager type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrofacial dysostosis, Weyers type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acrokeratosis verruciformis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acromesomelic chondrodysplasia, Grebe type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acromesomelic chondrodysplasia, Hunter-Thompson type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acromesomelic chondrodysplasia, with genital anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acromesomelic dysplasia, Maroteaux type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acromicric dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/ACTH deficiency, isolated
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/ACTH-independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/ACTH-secreting pituitary adenoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acute hepatic porphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acute intermittent porphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase family, member 9, deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase medium-chain deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase short-chain deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase very long-chain deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adams-Oliver syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adams-Oliver syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adams-Oliver syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency erythrocyte type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency muscle type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adenylosuccinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adermatoglyphia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adie pupil
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adiponectin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal hyperplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal hyperplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal hyperplasia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal hyperplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal hyperplasia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenal insufficiency, congenital, with 46,XY sex reversal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenocortical carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenocortical insufficiency, without ovarian defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenoleukodystrophy, pseudoneonatal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adrenoleukodystrophy, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adult polyglucosan body disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Adult-onset vitelliform macular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Advanced sleep phase syndrome, familial, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 1, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 2, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 3, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 4, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 5, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agammaglobulinemia 6, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Age-related macular degeneration 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agenesis of the corpus callosum, with abnormal genitalia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agenesis of the corpus callosum, with peripheral neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agenesis of the corpus callosum, X-linked, partial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Agnathia-otocephaly complex
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/AICAR transformylase/IMP cyclohydrolase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alagille syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alagille syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alazami syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism ocular 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism, oculocutaneous, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism, oculocutaneous, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism, oculocutaneous, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism, oculocutaneous, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albinism, oculocutaneous, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Albright hereditary osteodystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alexander disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alkaptonuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Allergic rhinitis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alopecia universalis congenita
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alopecia, neurologic defects, and endocrinopathy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-2-plasmin inhibitor deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-thalassemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-thalassemia mental retardation syndrome, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha-thalassemia myelodysplasia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alpha/beta T-cell lymphopenia, with gamma/delta T-cell expansion, severe cytomegalovirus infection and autoimmunity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alport syndrome with mental retardation, midface hypoplasia and elliptocytosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alport syndrome, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alport syndrome, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alport syndrome, with macrothrombocytopenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alport syndrome, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alstrom syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alternating hemiplegia of childhood 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alternating hemiplegia of childhood 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alveolar capillary dysplasia with misalignment of pulmonary veins
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease mitochondrial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Alzheimer disease through beta-amyloid-induced increased S-nitrosylation of DNM1L, which triggers, directly or indirectly, excessive mitochondrial fission, synaptic loss and neuronal damage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta and gingival fibromatosis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta, hypomaturation type, 2A1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta, hypomaturation type, 2A2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta, hypomaturation type, 2A3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amelogenesis imperfecta, hypomaturation type, 2A4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aminoacylase-1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amish infantile epilepsy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis, primary localized cutaneous, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis, primary localized cutaneous, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyloidosis, transthyretin-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 14, with or without frontotemporal dementia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 15, with or without frontotemporal dementia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 16, juvenile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-parkinsonism/dementia complex 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Androgen insensitivity, partial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anemia sideroblastic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anemia without thrombocytopenia, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anemia, hypochromic microcytic, with iron overload 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anemia, sideroblastic, pyridoxine-refractory, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anemia, sideroblastic, spinocerebellar ataxia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Angelman syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Angiomatoid fibrous histiocytoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anhaptoglobinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aniridia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aniridia, cerebellar ataxia and mental deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ankyloblepharon-ectodermal defects-cleft lip/palate
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anterior segment anomalies with or without cataract
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Anterior segment mesenchymal dysgenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Antithrombin III deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Antley-Bixler syndrome, with genital anomalies and disordered steroidogenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Antley-Bixler syndrome, without genital anomalies or disordered steroidogenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aortic aneurysm abdominal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aortic valve disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aortic valve disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Apert syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aplasia cutis congenita, reticulolinear, with microcephaly, facial dysmorphism and other congenital anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aplasia of lacrimal and salivary glands
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aplastic anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Apparent mineralocorticoid excess
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arginine:glycine amidinotransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Argininemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Argininosuccinic aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aromatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aromatase excess syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aromatic L-amino-acid decarboxylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arterial calcification of infancy, generalized, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arterial calcification of infancy, generalized, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arterial tortuosity syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, distal, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, renal dysfunction and cholestasis syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Arthrogryposis, renal dysfunction and cholestasis syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/ARTS syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aspartylglucosaminuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asperger syndrome, X-linked, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asperger syndrome, X-linked, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asplenia, isolated congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma, with nasal polyps and aspirin intolerance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma-related traits 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma-related traits 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma-related traits 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Asthma-related traits 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ataxia telangiectasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ataxia with isolated vitamin E deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ataxia, sensory, 1, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ataxia-oculomotor apraxia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ataxia-telangiectasia-like disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atelosteogenesis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atelosteogenesis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atelosteogenesis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Athabaskan brainstem dysgenesis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atopic hypersensitivity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atransferrinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 7, with or without atrioventricular conduction defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrial septal defect 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrichia with papular lesions
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrioventricular septal defect 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrioventricular septal defect 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrioventricular septal defect 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Atrioventricular septal defect 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Auditory neuropathy, autosomal dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Auditory neuropathy, autosomal recessive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Aural atresia, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Auriculocondylar syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Auriculocondylar syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism, X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism, X-linked 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism, X-linked 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autism, X-linked 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune disease 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoimmune thyroid disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Autoinflammation, antibody deficiency, and immune dysregulation PLCG2-associated
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/B-cell lymphoma. Translocation t(8;14)(p23.1;q21) with a cryptic exon named '14q21 element'. The resulting fusion protein named 'chimeric MASL1' is tumorigenic in nude mice
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Three-way translocation t(8;14;12)(q24.1;q32.3;q24.1) with MYC and with immunoglobulin gene regions
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Translocation t(3;14)(q27;q32); translocation t(3;22)(q27;q11) with immunoglobulin gene regions
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/B-lymphocytic malignancy, particularly mantle-cell lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Baller-Gerold syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bamforth-Lazarus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Band-like calcification with simplified gyration and polymicrogyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Baraitser-Winter syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Baraitser-Winter syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bardet-Biedl syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bare lymphocyte syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bare lymphocyte syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Barrett esophagus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bart-Pumphrey syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Barth syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bartter syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bartter syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bartter syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bartter syndrome 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bartter syndrome 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal cell carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal cell carcinoma 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal cell nevus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal ganglia calcification, idiopathic, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal ganglia calcification, idiopathic, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Basal laminar drusen
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/basal-like and metastatic phenotypes of breast tumor samples
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Beare-Stevenson cutis gyrata syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Becker muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Benign essential blepharospasm
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bent bone dysplasia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bernard-Soulier syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bernard-Soulier syndrome A2, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bestrophinopathy, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Beta-thalassemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Beta-thalassemia, dominant, inclusion body type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Beta-ureidopropionase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bethlem myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bietti crystalline corneoretinal dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bifid nose, with or without anorectal and renal anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Biotinidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Birbeck granule deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Birk-Barel mental retardation dysmorphism syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bisphosphoglycerate mutase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bjoernstad syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bladder cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Blau syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bleeding disorder, platelet-type 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bleeding disorder, platelet-type 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bleeding disorder, platelet-type 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Blepharophimosis, ptosis, and epicanthus inversus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bloom syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Blue cone monochromacy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Boerjeson-Forssman-Lehmann syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bohring-Opitz syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bone marrow failure, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Boomerang dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bosley-Salih-Alorainy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bothnia retinal dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bowen-Conradi syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly A1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly A1, C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly A2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly B1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly B2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly E1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly E2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly-mental retardation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachydactyly-syndactyly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brachyolmia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brain small vessel disease with hemorrhage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branched-chain ketoacid dehydrogenase kinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branchiooculofacial syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branchiootic syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branchiootic syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/branchiootorenal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branchiootorenal syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Branchiootorenal syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Breast cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brittle cornea syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brittle cornea syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brody myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bronchiectasis with or without elevated sweat chloride 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bronchiectasis with or without elevated sweat chloride 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bronchiectasis with or without elevated sweat chloride 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brooke-Spiegler syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Bruck syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brugada syndrome 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Brunner syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Budd-Chiari syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Burkitt lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Butyrylcholinesterase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/C syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Caffey disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Calcification of joints and arteries
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Campomelic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Camptodactyly tall stature and hearing loss syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Camptodactyly-arthropathy-coxa vara-pericarditis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Camurati-Engelmann disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Canavan disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cancers. However, it is still unclear if alteration of WWOX is directly implicated in cancerogenesis or if it corresponds to a secondary effect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cancers. Overexpressed in many different forms of human cancers, including bladder, breast, cervical, colorectal and prostate cancers, as well as pancreatic adenocarcinomas, rhabdomyosarcomas and gliomas. Plays an important role in the correlation of hist
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Capillary malformation-arteriovenous malformation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carbamoyl phosphate synthetase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carboxypeptidase N deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiac valvular dysplasia X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardioencephalomyopathy, fatal infantile, due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardioencephalomyopathy, fatal infantile, due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1AA
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1BB
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1CC
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1DD
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1EE
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1FF
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1GG
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1HH
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1M
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1N
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1O
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1P
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1R
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1S
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1T
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1U
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1V
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1W
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1X
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1Y
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 1Z
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated, with hypergonadotropic hypogonadism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated, with woolly hair and keratoderma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, dilated, X-linked 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial hypertrophic 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial restrictive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, familial restrictive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cardiomyopathy, infantile histiocytoid
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carney complex 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carney complex variant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 deficiency infantile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 deficiency late-onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 deficiency lethal neonatal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carpal tunnel syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carpenter syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Carpenter syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Caspase-8 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 1, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 10, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 11, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 12, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 2, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 3, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 4, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 5, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 6, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract 9, multiple types
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, autosomal recessive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, autosomal recessive 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, autosomal recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, cerulean type, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, nuclear, autosomal recessive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, nuclear, autosomal recessive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, congenital, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, cortical, juvenile-onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, juvenile, with microcornea and glucosuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, posterior polar, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, posterior polar, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, pulverulent, juvenile-onset, MAF-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, zonular 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cataract, zonular pulverulent 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Caudal duplication anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/CD59 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Celiac disease 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Celiac disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Celiac disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cell autonomous proliferation. APAs are typically solitary, well circumscribed tumors diagnosed between ages 30 and 70. They come to medical attention due to new or worsening hypertension, often with hypokalemia. The precise role of KCNJ5 mutations in APA
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cenani-Lenz syndactyly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Central core disease of muscle
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Central precocious puberty
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebellar ataxia, cayman type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, and dysequilibrium syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, and dysequilibrium syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation, and dysequilibrium syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebellar ataxia, non-progressive, with mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral amyloid angiopathy, APP-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral amyloid angiopathy, ITM2B-related 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral amyloid angiopathy, ITM2B-related 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral cavernous malformations 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral cavernous malformations 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral cavernous malformations 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral dysgenesis, neuropathy, ichthyosis, and palmoplantar keratoderma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebral palsy, spastic quadriplegic 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebroretinal microangiopathy with calcifications and cysts
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/certain cardiovascular and musculo-skeletal abnormalities observed in the disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cervical cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cervical, colon, head and neck, lung and ovarian cancers
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/CFHR5 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chanarin-Dorfman syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Char syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/characteristic traits of polycystic ovary syndrome, such as insulin resistance and luteinizing hormone hypersecretion
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 1F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2A1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2A2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2B1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2B2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2K
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2M
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2N
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2O
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2P
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 2Q
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4B1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4B2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4H
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 4J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, axonal, with vocal cord paresis, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, dominant, intermediate type, B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, dominant, intermediate type, C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, dominant, intermediate type, D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, dominant, intermediate type, E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, recessive, intermediate type, A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, recessive, intermediate type, B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, X-linked dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/CHARGE syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chediak-Higashi syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cherubism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chilblain lupus 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chilblain lupus 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Childhood cancer retinoblastoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choanal atresia and lymphedema
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis of pregnancy, intrahepatic 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis of pregnancy, intrahepatic 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, benign recurrent intrahepatic, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, benign recurrent intrahepatic, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, neonatal intrahepatic, caused by citrin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, progressive familial intrahepatic, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, progressive familial intrahepatic, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholestasis, progressive familial intrahepatic, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cholesteryl ester storage disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrocalcinosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrodysplasia Blomstrand type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrodysplasia punctata 1, X-linked recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrodysplasia punctata 2, X-linked dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrodysplasia with joint dislocations, GPAPP type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chondrosarcoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chordoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chorea, hereditary benign
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choreoacanthocytosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choreoathetosis, hypothyroidism, and neonatal respiratory distress
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choroid plexus papilloma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choroidal dystrophy, central areolar 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Choroideremia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/chromosome 10q23 deletion syndrome, which shows overlapping features of the following three disorders: Bannayan-Zonana syndrome, Cowden disease and juvenile polyposis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chronic infantile neurologic cutaneous and articular syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/chronic myelogenous leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. Inversion inv(21) (q21;q22) with RUNX1/AML1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. Inversion inv(21)(q21;q22) with USP16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/chronic neutrophilic leukemia. Translocation t(4;11)(q21;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/chronic neutrophilic leukemia. Translocation t(4;11)(q21;q23) with SEPT11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chronic non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chudley-McCullough syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Chylomicron retention disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cirrhosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Citrullinemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Citrullinemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/CK syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cleft palate isolated
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cleft palate with or without ankyloglossia, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cleidocranial dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Clubfoot, congenital, with or without deficiency of long bones and/or mirror-image polydactyly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/COACH syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cockayne syndrome A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cockayne syndrome B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cocoon syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coenzyme Q10 deficiency, primary, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coffin-Lowry syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coffin-Siris syndrome, a highly variable disease characterized by mental retardation associated with a broad spectrum of different clinical features
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cognitive impairment with or without cerebellar ataxia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cohen syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cold-induced sweating syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cold-induced sweating syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coloboma of iris choroid and retina
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coloboma of optic nerve
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coloboma, congenital heart disease, ichthyosiform dermatosis, mental retardation and ear anomalies syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/colon cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorblindness, partial, deutan series
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorblindness, partial, protan series
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorectal cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorectal cancer 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorectal cancer 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorectal cancer 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Colorectal cancer 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined cellular and humoral immune defects with granulomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined D-2- and L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined deficiency of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined deficiency of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined lipase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined malonic and methylmalonic aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Combined saposin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 3 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 4A deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 4B deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 5 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 6 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 7 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 8 deficiency, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 8 deficiency, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component 9 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component C1q deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement component C1s deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement factor D deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement factor H deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complement factor I deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Complete pure gonadal dysgenesis 46,XY type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Compton-North congenital myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone dystrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone dystrophy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone dystrophy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone dystrophy retinal 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone dystrophy, retinal 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy, X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cone-rod dystrophy, X-linked 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cone-rod dystrophy. A mutation was found in a 57-year-old woman with late-onset cone-rod dystrophy: from 40 year old, the patient suffered from poor night vision, defective color vision and light-sensitivity. At 57 year old, she displayed reduced visual a
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital afibrinogenemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/congenital and juvenile cataracts. Translocation t(16;22)
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital bilateral absence of the vas deferens
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital bile acid synthesis defect 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital bile acid synthesis defect 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital bile acid synthesis defect 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital bile acid synthesis defect 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/congenital cataract and microcornea syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital cataracts, facial dysmorphism, and neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital cataracts, hearing loss, and neurodegeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital central hypoventilation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1H
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1K
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1M
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1N
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1O
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1P
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1Q
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1R
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1S
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 1T
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2H
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2K
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital disorder of glycosylation 2L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital erythropoietic porphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital fibrosis of extraocular muscles 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital fibrosis of extraocular muscles 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital fibrosis of extraocular muscles 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital generalized lipodystrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital generalized lipodystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital generalized lipodystrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital generalized lipodystrophy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital glucose/galactose malabsorption
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital heart defects, multiple types, 1, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital heart disease, multiple types, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital hemidysplasia with ichthyosiform erythroderma and limb defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital indifference to pain autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital lactase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital lipomatous overgrowth, vascular malformations, and epidermal nevi
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital myopathy with excess of muscle spindles
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital myopathy with fiber-type disproportion
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital primary aphakia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital short bowel syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Congenital systemic glutamine deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Conotruncal heart malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Convulsions, familial infantile, with paroxysmal choreoathetosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy and perceptive deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Avellino type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, congenital stromal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, endothelial 2, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, epithelial basement membrane
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, fleck
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Fuchs endothelial, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Fuchs endothelial, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Fuchs endothelial, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, gelatinous drop-like
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Groenouw type 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, lattice type 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, lattice type 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Meesmann
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, posterior polymorphous, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, posterior polymorphous, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, posterior polymorphous, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Reis-Bucklers type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Schnyder type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corneal dystrophy, Thiel-Behnke type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cornelia de Lange syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cornelia de Lange syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cornelia de Lange syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cornelia de Lange syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cornelia de Lange syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/coronary artery disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coronary artery disease, autosomal dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coronary artery disease, autosomal dominant, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coronary heart disease 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coronary heart disease 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coronary heart disease 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/corpus callosum agenesis, bilateral polymicrogyria, ventricular dilatation and a small cerebellum
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cortical dysplasia complex with other brain malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cortical dysplasia-focal epilepsy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cortical malformations occipital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/corticobasal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corticosterone methyloxidase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Corticosterone methyloxidase 2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cortisone reductase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Coumarin resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cousin syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cowchock syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cowden syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cowden syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cowden syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniodiaphyseal dysplasia autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cranioectodermal dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cranioectodermal dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cranioectodermal dysplasia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cranioectodermal dysplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniofacial anomalies and anterior segment dysgenesis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniofacial dysmorphism, skeletal anomalies and mental retardation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniofrontonasal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniolenticulosutural dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniometaphyseal dysplasia Jackson type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cranioosteoarthropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniosynostosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniosynostosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Craniosynostosis and dental anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Crigler-Najjar syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Crigler-Najjar syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Crouzon syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Crouzon syndrome with acanthosis nigricans
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cryptorchidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Currarino syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutaneous telangiectasia and cancer syndrome, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute eosinophilic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemia. Translocation t(11;11)(q23;23) with KMT2A/MLL1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(10;11)(p11.2;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. ABI1 isoform 2 was found to be present in acute leukemia KMT2A/MLL1-ABI1 fusion transcript
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(10;11)(p12;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(10;11)(q22;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. This is a rare chromosomal translocation 5' KMT2A/MLL1-TET1 3'
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(11;17)(q23;q21) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(11;19)(q23;p13.3) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(1;11)(q21;q23) with MLLT11/AF1Q; translocation t(3;11)(p21;q23) with NCKIPSD/AF3p21; translocation t(3,11)(q25,q23) with GMPS; translocation t(4;11)(q21;q23) with AFF1/MLLT2/AF4; insertion ins(5;11)(q31;q13q23) with AFF4/AF
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(4;11)(q21;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(5;11)(q12;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(6;11)(q27;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute leukemias. Translocation t(9;11)(p22;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1. The result is a rogue activator protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute lymphoblastic leukemia. Translocation t(1;14)(q25;q32) with IGHG1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute lymphoblastic leukemia. Translocation t(9;18)(p13;q11.2) with ZNF521. Translocation t(9;3)(p13;p14.1) with FOXP1. Translocation t(9;12)(p13;p13) with ETV6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute megakaryoblastic leukemia. Translocation t(1;22)(p13;q13) with MKL1. Although both reciprocal fusion transcripts are detected in acute megakaryoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute megakaryoblastic leukemia. Translocation t(1;22)(p13;q13) with RBM15. Although both reciprocal fusion transcripts are detected in acute megakaryoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute monoblastic leukemia. Translocation t(3;11)(q28;q23) with KMT2A/MLL1 is associated with acute monoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myelogenous leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myelogenous leukemia with eosinophilia. Translocation t(5;12)(q31;p13) with ETV6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myelogenous leukemia. Translocation t(5;14)(q33;q32) with PDGFRB. The fusion protein may be involved in clonal evolution of leukemia and eosinophilia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myelogenous leukemia. Translocation t(5;14)(q33;q32) with TRIP11. The fusion protein may be involved in clonal evolution of leukemia and eosinophilia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemia of M4EO subtype. Pericentric inversion inv(16)(p13;q22). The inversion produces a fusion protein that consists of the 165 N-terminal residues of CBF-beta
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemias. Inversion inv(8)(p11;q13) generates the KAT6A-NCOA2 oncogene, which consists of the N-terminal part of KAT6A and the C-terminal part of NCOA2/TIF2. KAT6A-NCOA2 binds to CREBBP and disrupts its function in transcription activation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemias. Translocation t(8;16)(p11;p13) with CREBBP; translocation t(8;22)(p11;q13) with EP300. KAT6A-CREBBP may induce leukemia by inhibiting RUNX1-mediated transcription. Inversion inv(8)(p11;q13) generates the KAT6A-NCOA2 oncogene, which
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemias. Translocation t(8;16)(p11;p13) with KAT6A; translocation t(11;16)(q23;p13.3) with KMT2A/MLL1; translocation t(10;16)(q22;p13) with KAT6B. KAT6A-CREBBP may induce leukemia by inhibiting RUNX1-mediated transcription
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute myeloid leukemias. Translocation t(8;22)(p11;q13) with KAT6A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cute promyelocytic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal dominant, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cutis laxa, autosomal recessive, 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cyanosis transient neonatal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cyclic haematopoiesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystathionine beta-synthase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystathioninuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystic fibrosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystinosis, adult, non-nephropathic type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystinosis, late-onset juvenile or adolescent nephropathic type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystinosis, nephropathic type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cystinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/cytomegalovirus and herpes simplex virus I seropositivity and this may be associated with schizophrenia risk
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Czech dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/D-bifunctional protein deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/D-glyceric aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Danon disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Darier disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/De Sanctis-Cacchione syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness with labyrinthine aplasia, microtia and microdontia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 22
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 23
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 25
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 36
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 39, with dentinogenesis imperfecta 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 44
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 48
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 64
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal dominant, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 18A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 18B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 21
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 22
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 23
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 24
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 25
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 29
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 30
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 31
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 35
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 36, with or without vestibular involvement
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 37
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 39
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 42
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 48
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 49
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 53
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 59
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 61
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 63
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 67
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 70
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 74
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 77
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 79
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 84A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 84B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 91
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 93
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, autosomal recessive, 98
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, sensorineural, mitochondrial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, sensorineural, with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, X-linked, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, X-linked, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness, X-linked, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Deafness-infertility syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/defects in other genes
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dejerine-Sottas syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Delayed sleep phase syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dementia Lewy body
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dendritic cell monocyte lymphocyte B and natural killer lymphocyte deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dent disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dentin dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dentin dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dentinogenesis imperfecta 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dentinogenesis imperfecta Shields type 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Denys-Drash syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dermatitis atopic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Desbuquois dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/desmoplastic small round cell tumor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Desmosterolosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes insipidus, nephrogenic, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes insipidus, nephrogenic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes insipidus, neurohypophyseal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, insulin-dependent, 22
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, ketosis-prone
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, neonatal, with congenital hypothyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diabetes mellitus, permanent neonatal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diamond-Blackfan anemia 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diaphanospondylodysostosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diaphragmatic hernia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diaphyseal medullary stenosis with malignant fibrous histiocytoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 1, secretory chloride, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 2, with microvillus atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 3, secretory sodium, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 4, malabsorptive, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 5, with tufting enteropathy, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diarrhea 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Diastrophic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/diffuse histiocytic lymphomas. Translocation t(10;11)(p13;q14) with PICALM
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/DiGeorge syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Digital arthropathy-brachydactyly, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dihydropyrimidinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/dimelia of the ulna and fibula, tibial and/or fibular hypoplasia, nasal abnormality and other malformations. Most MIP cases are sporadic, but very rare parent-child transmissions observed in familial cases suggest an autosomal mode of inheritance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Disordered steroidogenesis due to cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Distal myopathy with anterior tibial onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Distal spinal muscular atrophy, autosomal recessive, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Distal spinal muscular atrophy, autosomal recessive, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Distal spinal muscular atrophy, congenital non-progressive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Distal spinal muscular atrophy, X-linked, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/diverse ciliopathies, and also acts as a modifier gene across the ciliopathy spectrum
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/diverse ciliopathies, and also acts as a modifier gene across the ciliopathy spectrum. TTC21B mutations interact in trans with mutations in other ciliopathy-causing genes and contribute to disease manifestation and severity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/DMGDH deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dominant nonimmune chronic idiopathic neutropenia of adults
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dominant optic atrophy plus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dominantly inherited venous malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Donnai-Barrow syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dowling-Degos disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Doyne honeycomb retinal dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Du Pan syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Duane retraction syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Duane-radial ray syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dubin-Johnson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Duchenne muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/dult onset primary cervical dystonia. Dystonia is defined by the presence of sustained involuntary muscle contractions, often leading to abnormal postures. Cervical dystonia or spasmodic torticollis, the most common form of focal dystonia, is characterize
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dursun syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyggve-Melchior-Clausen syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyschromatosis symmetrical hereditaria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal dominant, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal dominant, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal recessive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal recessive, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal recessive, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, autosomal recessive, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskeratosis congenita, X-linked recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyskinesia, familial, with facial myokymia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyslexia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyslexia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dyssegmental dysplasia Silverman-Handmaker type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 25
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia, DOPA-responsive, due to sepiapterin reductase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystonia, juvenile-onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystrophia myotonica 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Dystrophia myotonica 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Eagle-Barrett syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Early-onset hypertension with severe exacerbation in pregnancy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Early-onset myopathy with fatal cardiomyopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 1, hypohidrotic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 10A, hypohidrotic/hair/nail type, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 10B, hypohidrotic/hair/tooth type, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 11A, hypohidrotic/hair/nail type, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 11B, hypohidrotic/hair/tooth type, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 2, Clouston type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 3, Witkop type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 4, hair/nail type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia 9, hair/nail type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, anhidrotic, with immunodeficiency X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, anhidrotic, with immunodeficiency, osteopetrosis and lymphedema
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, anhidrotic, with T-cell immunodeficiency autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, Margarita Island type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, Rapp-Hodgkin type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia, with ectrodactyly and macular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia-skin fragility syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectodermal dysplasia-syndactyly syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectopia lentis 1, isolated, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectopia lentis 2, isolated, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ectrodactyly, ectodermal dysplasia, and cleft lip/palate syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/EFPS are thought to arise via EFP-induced transcriptional deregulation, with the tumor phenotype specified by the EWSR1 fusion partner and cell type. Transcriptional repression of the transforming growth factor beta type II receptor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 7A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 7B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome 7C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, autosomal recessive, cardiac valvular form
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, musculocontractural type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, progeroid type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, with progressive kyphoscoliosis, myopathy, and hearing loss
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome-like spondylocheirodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Eiken skeletal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Elejalde syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Elliptocytosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Elliptocytosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Elliptocytosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Elliptocytosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ellis-van Creveld syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 1, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 2, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 3, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 4, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 5, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Encephalopathy, acute, infection-induced, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Encephalopathy, acute, infection-induced, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Encephalopathy, lethal, due to defective mitochondrial and peroxisomal fission
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Encephalopathy, neonatal severe, due to MECP2 mutations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Enchondromatosis multiple
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Endocrine-cerebroosteodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Endometrial cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/endometrial stromal tumors. Translocation t(1;6)(p34;p21) with PHF1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/endometrial stromal tumors. Translocation t(6;7)(p21;p22) with JAZF1. Translocation t(1;6)(p34;p21) with MEAF6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/endometrial stromal tumors. Translocation t(7;17)(p15;q21) with JAZF1. The translocation generates the JAZF1-SUZ12 oncogene consisting of the N-terminus part of JAZF1 and the C-terminus part of SUZ12. It is frequently found in all cases of endometrial str
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/endometrial stromal tumors. Translocation t(7;17)(p15;q21) with SUZ12. The translocation generates the JAZF1-SUZ12 oncogene consisting of the N-terminus part of JAZF1 and the C-terminus part of SUZ12. It is frequently found in all cases of endometrial str
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Endosteal hyperostosis, Worth type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Enhanced S cone syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Enterokinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Eosinophil peroxidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermodysplasia verruciformis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, Bart type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, Hallopeau-Siemens type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, Pasini type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, pretibial type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica, with subcorneal cleavage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa letalis, with pyloric atresia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa pruriginosa
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with pyloric atresia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Dowling-Meara type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Koebner type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Ogna type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Weber-Cockayne type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, with migratory circinate erythema
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, with mottled pigmentation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, with muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa, junctional, Herlitz type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa, lethal acantholytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolysis bullosa, non-specific, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy with neurodevelopmental defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy X-linked, with variable learning disabilities and behavior disorders
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, childhood absence 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, childhood absence 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, childhood absence 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, childhood absence 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, familial temporal lobe, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, familial temporal lobe, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, idiopathic generalized 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, nocturnal frontal lobe, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, nocturnal frontal lobe, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, nocturnal frontal lobe, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, nocturnal frontal lobe, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 3, with or without intracellular inclusions
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 4, with or without renal failure
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epilepsy, progressive myoclonic 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epileptic encephalopathy, Lennox-Gastaut type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epimerase-deficiency galactosemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Episodic ataxia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Episodic ataxia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Episodic ataxia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Episodic ataxia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Episodic kinesigenic dyskinesia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epsilon-trimethyllysine hydroxylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Epstein syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Erythroderma, ichthyosiform, congenital reticular
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Erythrokeratodermia variabilis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Erythropoietic protoporphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Erythropoietic protoporphyria, X-linked dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Esophageal cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Essential hypertension
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ethylmalonic encephalopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ewing sarcoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/excessive bleeding. Defective release of TPA results in hypofibrinolysis that can lead to thrombosis or embolism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Exfoliation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency dyserythropoietic anemia and calvarial hyperostosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fabry disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Facial clefting, oblique, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Facial dysmorphism, immunodeficiency, livedo, and short stature
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Facial paresis, hereditary congenital, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Faciocutaneoskeletal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor II deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor V and factor VIII combined deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor V and factor VIII combined deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor V deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor VII deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor X deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor XI deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor XII deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor XIII subunit A deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Factor XIII subunit B deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial acne inversa 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial acne inversa 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial acne inversa 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial adenomatous polyposis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial adenomatous polyposis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial aortic aneurysm thoracic 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial aortic aneurysm thoracic 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial aortic aneurysm thoracic 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial fibrillation 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atrial standstill
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma-pancreatic carcinoma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial breast-ovarian cancer 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial breast-ovarian cancer 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial breast-ovarian cancer 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial breast-ovarian cancer 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial candidiasis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial candidiasis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial candidiasis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial candidiasis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial candidiasis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial CD8 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/familial clear cell renal carcinoma. Translocation t(2;3)(q33;q21)
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial cylindromatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial erythrocytosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial erythrocytosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial erythrocytosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial erythrocytosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial expansile osteolysis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial febrile convulsions 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial febrile convulsions 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial febrile convulsions 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial febrile convulsions 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial febrile convulsions 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial gestational hyperthyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemiplegic migraine 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemiplegic migraine 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemiplegic migraine 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hibernian fever
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial horizontal gaze palsy with progressive scoliosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperaldosteronism 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperaldosteronism 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hypercholanemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hypercholesterolemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hypobetalipoproteinemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial hypobetalipoproteinemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial infantile myoclonic epilepsy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial isolated hyperparathyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial isolated hypoparathyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial juvenile hyperuricemic nephropathy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial juvenile hyperuricemic nephropathy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial ligand-defective apolipoprotein B-100
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial male precocious puberty
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial Mediterranean fever, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial Mediterranean fever, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial multiple endocrine neoplasia type I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial non-Hodgkin lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial paroxysmal ventricular fibrillation 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial paroxysmal ventricular fibrillation 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial platelet disorder with associated myeloid malignancy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial porphyria cutanea tarda
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial progressive hyperpigmentation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial scaphocephaly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Familial spinal neurofibromatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group D1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group D2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group M
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group N
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group O
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi anemia complementation group P
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi renotubular syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fanconi-Bickel syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Farber lipogranulomatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fatal familial insomnia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fazio-Londe disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fechtner syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Feingold syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Feingold syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fertile eunuch syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fetal akinesia deformation sequence
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/FG syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/FG syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fibrochondrogenesis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fibrochondrogenesis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ficolin 3 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fish-eye disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fleck retina, familial benign
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Floating-Harbor syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal cortical dysplasia of Taylor balloon cell type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal dermal hypoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal facial dermal dysplasia 3, Setleis type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal facial dermal dysplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Folate-sensitive neural tube defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/follicular lymphoma; also known as type II chronic lymphatic leukemia. Translocation t(2;18)(p11;q21) with a Ig J kappa chain region
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Translocation t(8;12)(q24;q22) with BTG1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Translocation t(8;12)(q24;q22) with MYC
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of B-cell leukemia. Translocation t(3;11)(q27;q23) with BCL6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of B-cell leukemia. Translocation t(3;11)(q27;q23) with POU2AF1/OBF1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/form of T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Foveal hypoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fragile X syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fragile X tremor/ataxia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frank-Ter Haar syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fraser syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frasier syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Friedreich ataxia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontometaphyseal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontonasal dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontonasal dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontonasal dysplasia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontotemporal dementia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontotemporal dementia and/or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Frontotemporal dementia, chromosome 3-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fructosuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fucosidosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fuhrmann syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fumarase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Fundus flavimaculatus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GABA transaminase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Galactosemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Galactosemia II
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Galactosialidosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gallbladder disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gallbladder disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gastric cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease 3C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease perinatal lethal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gaucher disease, atypical, due to saposin C deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Geleophysic dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Geleophysic dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized atrophic benign epidermolysis bullosa
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy and paroxysmal dyskinesia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/generalized hypotrichosis simplex
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/generalized non-inflammatory peeling skin syndrome type A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized thyroid hormone resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Generalized thyroid hormone resistance autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Genitopatellar syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Geroderma osteodysplasticum
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gerstmann-Straussler disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ghosal hematodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Giant axonal neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gilbert syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gilles de la Tourette syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gingival fibromatosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gitelman syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GK deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glanzmann thrombasthenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 1, open angle, A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 1, open angle, E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 1, open angle, G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 1, open angle, O
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 3, primary congenital, A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma 3, primary congenital, D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma, normal pressure
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glaucoma, primary open angle
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glioma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glioma 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glioma 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glioma 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Global cerebral hypomyelination
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glomerulocystic kidney disease with hyperuricemia and isosthenuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glomerulopathy with fibronectin deposits 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glomuvenous malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glucocorticoid deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glucocorticoid deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glucocorticoid deficiency 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glucocorticoid resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GLUT1 deficiency syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GLUT1 deficiency syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutaric aciduria 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutaric aciduria 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutaric aciduria 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutaric aciduria 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutaric aciduria 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutathione synthetase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutathione synthetase deficiency of erythrocytes
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glutathionuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycine N-methyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 0
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 9A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 9B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 9C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease 9D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycogen storage disease of heart lethal congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Glycosylphosphatidylinositol deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM1-gangliosidosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM1-gangliosidosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM1-gangliosidosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM2-gangliosidosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM2-gangliosidosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GM2-gangliosidosis AB
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GNAS hyperfunction
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Goiter multinodular 1, with or without Sertoli-Leydig cell tumors
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Goldberg-Shprintzen megacolon syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gout HPRT-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GRACILE syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Granulomatous disease, chronic, cytochrome-b-negative, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Granulomatous disease, chronic, cytochrome-b-positive 1, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Granulomatous disease, chronic, cytochrome-b-positive 2, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Granulomatous disease, chronic, cytochrome-b-positive 3, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Granulomatous disease, chronic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Gray platelet syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Greig cephalo-poly-syndactyly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Griscelli syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Griscelli syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Griscelli syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone deficiency with pituitary anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone deficiency, isolated, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone deficiency, isolated, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone deficiency, isolated, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone insensitivity with immunodeficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth hormone-secreting pituitary adenoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Growth retardation developmental delay coarse facies early death
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/GTP cyclohydrolase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Guttmacher syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hailey-Hailey disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Haim-Munk syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hajdu-Cheney syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hallermann-Streiff syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hamamy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hand-foot-genital syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hartnup disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hawkinsinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heart-hand syndrome Slovenian type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heinz body anemias
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemangioma, capillary infantile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/hematopoietic tumors such as B-cell lymphomas. Translocation t(11;14)(q23;q32)
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hematuria, benign familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heme oxygenase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemochromatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemochromatosis 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemochromatosis 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemochromatosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemochromatosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemoglobin H disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic anemia due to adenylate kinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic anemia due to gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic anemia, non-spherocytic, due to glucose phosphate isomerase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemolytic uremic syndrome atypical 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemophilia A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemophilia B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hemorrhagic destruction of the brain with subependymal calcification and cataracts
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hennekam lymphangiectasia-lymphedema syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hepatic adenomas familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hepatic lipase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hepatic venoocclusive disease with immunodeficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hepatocellular carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hepatoerythropoietic porphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary angioedema
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary angioedema 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary angiopathy with nephropathy aneurysms and muscle cramps
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary coproporphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary desmoid disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary diffuse gastric cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary folate malabsorption
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary fructose intolerance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary hyperferritinemia-cataract syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary intrinsic factor deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy, proximal type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary multiple exostoses 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary multiple exostoses 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary neuralgic amyotrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary neutrophilia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary pyropoikilocytosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory neuropathy 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory neuropathy 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory neuropathy 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary sensory neuropathy, autosomal recessive, with spastic paraplegia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hereditary susceptibility to Wilms tumor 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Herpes simplex encephalitis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Herpes simplex encephalitis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Herpes simplex encephalitis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Herpes simplex encephalitis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heterotaxy, visceral, 1, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heterotaxy, visceral, 2, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heterotaxy, visceral, 4, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heterotaxy, visceral, 5, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Heterotaxy, visceral, 6, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hexokinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/HIBCH deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/High bone mass trait
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/High density lipoprotein deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/High density lipoprotein deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/High molecular weight kininogen deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hirschsprung disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hirschsprung disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hirschsprung disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hirschsprung disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hirschsprung disease cardiac defects and autonomic dysfunction
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Histidinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/HMG-CoA synthase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hodgkin lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holocarboxylase synthetase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holoprosencephaly 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Holt-Oram syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hoyeraal-Hreidarsson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/human breast cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Huntington disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Huntington disease-like 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Huntington disease-like 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hurthle cell thyroid carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyaline fibromatosis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydatidiform mole, recurrent, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydatidiform mole, recurrent, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydrocephalus due to stenosis of the aqueduct of Sylvius
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydrocephalus, non-syndromic, autosomal recessive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydrolethalus syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydrolethalus syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hydrops-ectopic calcification-moth-eaten skeletal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperalphalipoproteinemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperalphalipoproteinemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperbilirubinemia, Rotor type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperbiliverdinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercalcemia infantile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercalciuria absorptive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercarotenemia and vitamin A deficiency, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercatabolic hypoproteinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperchlorhidrosis, isolated
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercholesterolemia, autosomal dominant, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypercholesterolemia, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/HyperCKmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperekplexia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperekplexia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperekplexia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/hypereosinophilic syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperglycinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperimmunoglobulin E recurrent infection syndrome, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperimmunoglobulin E recurrent infection syndrome, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D and periodic fever syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperlipidemia combined 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperlipoproteinemia 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperlipoproteinemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperlipoproteinemia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperlysinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypermethioninemia due to adenosine kinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypermethioninemia with S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperornithinemia with gyrate atrophy of choroid and retina
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperornithinemia-hyperammonemia-homocitrullinuria syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperoxaluria primary 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperoxaluria primary 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperoxaluria primary 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphenylalaninemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphenylalaninemia, BH4-deficient, A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphenylalaninemia, BH4-deficient, C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphenylalaninemia, BH4-deficient, D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphosphatasia with mental retardation syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperphosphatasia with mental retardation syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperproinsulinemia, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperprolinemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperprolinemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperthyroidism, non-autoimmune
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperthyroxinemia dystransthyretinemic euthyroidal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypertrichotic osteochondrodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypertriglyceridemia, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypertriglyceridemia, transient infantile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy, primary, autosomal recessive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy, primary, autosomal recessive, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hyperuricemia pulmonary hypertension renal failure and alkalosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypocalciuric hypercalcemia, familial 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypocalciuric hypercalcemia, familial 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypochondroplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadism LHB-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 1 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 10 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 11 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 12 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 13 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 14 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 15 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 16 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 2 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 3 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 4 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 5 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 6 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 7 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 8 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 9 with or without anosmia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/hypohidrotic/anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia, a disorder characterized by sparse hair
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoinsulinemic hypoglycemia with hemihypertrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypomagnesemia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoparathyroidism, sensorineural deafness, and renal disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoparathyroidism-retardation-dysmorphism syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatasia childhood type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatasia infantile type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatemic rickets, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatemic rickets, autosomal recessive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatemic rickets, autosomal recessive, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatemic rickets, X-linked dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypophosphatemic rickets, X-linked recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoplastic left heart syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoplastic left heart syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypoprebetalipoproteinemia, acanthocytosis, retinitis pigmentosa, and pallidal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypothyroidism, central, and testicular enlargement
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypothyroidism, congenital, non-goitrous, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypothyroidism, congenital, non-goitrous, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypothyroidism, congenital, non-goitrous, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypothyroidism, congenital, non-goitrous, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotonia-cystinuria syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis and recurrent skin vesicles
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis congenital with juvenile macular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypotrichosis-lymphedema-telangiectasia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypouricemia renal 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Hypouricemia renal 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis annular epidermolytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis hystrix, Curth-Macklin type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis hystrix-like with deafness syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis prematurity syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis vulgaris
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, autosomal recessive, with hypotrichosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, congenital, autosomal recessive 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, exfoliative, autosomal recessive, ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens-like
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, spastic quadriplegia, and mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ichthyosis-sclerosing cholangitis neonatal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Idiopathic scoliosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/IFAP syndrome with or without BRESHECK syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Iminoglycinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immune dysfunction with T-cell inactivation due to calcium entry defect 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immune dysfunction with T-cell inactivation due to calcium entry defect 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency due to defect in CD3-zeta
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency due to defect in MAPBP-interacting protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency polyendocrinopathy, enteropathy, X-linked syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, common variable, 8, with autoimmunity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, NEMO-related, without anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency, X-linked, with magnesium defect, Epstein-Barr virus infection and neoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunoglobulin A deficiency 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Immunoglobulin kappa light chain deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inclusion body myopathy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inclusion body myopathy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inclusion body myopathy with early-onset Paget disease and frontotemporal dementia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Incontinentia pigmenti
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Infantile cerebellar-retinal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Infantile sialic acid storage disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Infantile striatonigral degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Infantile-onset ascending spastic paralysis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Infections, recurrent, associated with encephalopathy, hepatic dysfunction and cardiovascular malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 25
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory bowel disease 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/inflammatory myofibroblastic tumors
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Inosine triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Insulin-like growth factor 1 resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Insulin-like growth factor I deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Insulin-resistant diabetes mellitus with acanthosis nigricans type A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Interleukin 1 receptor antagonist deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Interstitial lung disease, nephrotic syndrome, and epidermolysis bullosa, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Interstitial nephritis, karyomegalic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intervertebral disc disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intestinal carcinoid tumor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intestinal pseudoobstruction, neuronal, chronic idiopathic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intracardiac myxoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intracerebral hemorrhage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intractable childhood epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Intrauterine growth retardation, metaphyseal dysplasia, adrenal hypoplasia congenita, and genital anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/IRAK4 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Iridogoniodysgenesis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Iridogoniodysgenesis anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ischemic stroke
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Isobutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/isolated colobomatous microphthalmia, a disorder of the eye characterized by an abnormally small ocular globe
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Isolated congenital nail clubbing
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Isolated follicle-stimulating hormone deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Isolated sulfite oxidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Isovaleric acidemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jackson-Weiss syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jalili syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jansen metaphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jawad syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jensen syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Johanson-Blizzard syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Joubert syndrome, a disorder presenting with cerebellar ataxia, oculomotor apraxia, hypotonia, neonatal breathing abnormalities and psychomotor delay. Neuroradiologically, it is characterized by cerebellar vermian hypoplasia/aplasia, thickened and reorien
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile absence epilepsy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile absence epilepsy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia. Translocation t(5;17)(q33;p11.2) with PDGFRB
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia. Translocation t(5;17)(q33;p11.2) with SPECC1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile Paget disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile polyposis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile polyposis/hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Juvenile primary lateral sclerosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kabuki syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kabuki syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kahrizi syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kanzaki disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kartagener syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kawasaki disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/KBG syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kenny-Caffey syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kenny-Caffey syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratinocytic non-epidermolytic nevus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratitis hereditary
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratitis-ichthyosis-deafness syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoconus 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, epidermolytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, non-epidermolytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, non-epidermolytic, focal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, punctate 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, striate 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, striate 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, striate 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, with deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratoderma, palmoplantar, with squamous cell carcinoma of skin and sex reversal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratosis linearis with ichthyosis congenita and sclerosing keratoderma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keratosis, seborrheic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Keutel syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kindler syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kleefstra syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Klippel-Feil syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Klippel-Feil syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kniest dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Knobloch syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Knobloch syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kohlschuetter-Toenz syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kowarski syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Krabbe disease, atypical, due to saposin A deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kufor-Rakeb syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Kuru
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lacrimo-auriculo-dento-digital syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Langer mesomelic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Laron syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Larsen syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Laryngoonychocutaneous syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Late-onset retinal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lathosterolosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber congenital amaurosis 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber hereditary optic neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leber hereditary optic neuropathy with dystonia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Left ventricular non-compaction 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Left ventricular non-compaction 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Left ventricular non-compaction 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Left-right axis malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Legg-Calve-Perthes disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leigh syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leigh syndrome French-Canadian type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/LEOPARD syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/LEOPARD syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/LEOPARD syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leprechaunism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leptin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leptin receptor deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leri-Weill dyschondrosteosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lesch-Nyhan syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal arthrogryposis with anterior horn cell disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal congenital contracture syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal congenital contracture syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal congenital contracture syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal congenital contracture syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lethal tight skin contracture syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leucine-induced hypoglycemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukemia, acute lymphoblastic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukemia, acute myelogenous
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukemia, chronic lymphocytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukemia, chronic myeloid
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukemia, juvenile myelomonocytic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukocyte adhesion deficiency 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukocyte adhesion deficiency 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy metachromatic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy metachromatic due to saposin-B deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy with vanishing white matter
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, demyelinating, autosomal dominant, adult-onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, globoid cell
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 7, with or without oligodontia and/or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukodystrophy, hypomyelinating, 8, with or without oligodontia and/or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy with brainstem and spinal cord involvement and lactate elevation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, cystic, without megalencephaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, diffuse hereditary, with spheroids
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, megalencephalic, with subcortical cysts, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, megalencephalic, with subcortical cysts, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, megalencephalic, with subcortical cysts, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Leukoencephalopathy, with dystonia and motor neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lhermitte-Duclos disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Li-Fraumeni syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Li-Fraumeni syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Liddle syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Liebenberg syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lifetime risk of development of Kaposi sarcoma in HIV-infected men
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/LIG4 syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb pelvis hypoplasia aplasia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2H
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2L
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2Q
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Limb-mammary syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lipoblastomas, which are benign tumors resulting from transformation of adipocytes, usually diagnosed in children. 8q12.1 to 8q24.1 intrachromosomal rearrangement with hyaluronic acid synthase 2/HAS2 results in promoter swapping and activation of PLAG1 ex
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lipoblastomas, which are benign tumors resulting from transformation of adipocytes, usually diagnosed in children. 8q12.1 to 8q24.1 intrachromosomal rearrangement with PLAG1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lipoblastomas, which are benign tumors resulting from transformation of adipocytes, usually diagnosed in children. Translocation t(7;8)(p22;q13) with PLAG1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipodystrophy, familial partial, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipodystrophy, familial partial, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipodystrophy, familial partial, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipoid proteinosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipoprotein glomerulopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lipoprotein lipase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly, X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lissencephaly, X-linked 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loeys-Dietz syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long QT syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Long-chain 3-hydroxyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Loose anagen hair syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/low bone mineral density
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Low molecular weight proteinuria with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lowe oculocerebrorenal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lujan-Fryns syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lung cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Luteinizing hormone resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphangioleiomyomatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema, hereditary, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema, hereditary, 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema, hereditary, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema, primary, with myelodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema-distichiasis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphedema-yellow nails
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lymphoid malignancies. Translocation t(2;14)(p13;q32.3) causes BCL11A deregulation and amplification
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lymphoma. Deletion del(6)(q13q21) within NKAIN2 and involving SUSP1 generates the SUSP1-NKAIN2 product
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/lymphoma. Translocation t(3;4)(q27;p11) with ARHH/TTF
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphoproliferative syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphoproliferative syndrome, X-linked, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lymphoproliferative syndrome, X-linked, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lysinuric protein intolerance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Lysyl hydroxylase 3 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/M2 type acute myeloid leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macrocephaly, macrosomia, facial dysmorphism syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macrocephaly/autism syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macrothrombocytopenia and progressive sensorineural deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/macrothrombocytopenia, a disorder characterized by subnormal levels of blood platelets. Blood platelets are abonormally enlarged
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macrothrombocytopenia, autosomal dominant, TUBB1-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/MACS syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macular degeneration, X-linked, atrophic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Macular dystrophy, corneal, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maculopathy, IMPG2-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mainzer-Saldino syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Majeed syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Major affective disorder 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Major depressive disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mal de Meleda
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Male pseudohermaphrodism with gynecomastia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Malignant hyperthermia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Malignant hyperthermia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/malignant melanoma of soft parts
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mandibuloacral dysplasia with type A lipodystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mandibuloacral dysplasia with type B lipodystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mandibulofacial dysostosis with microcephaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Manitoba oculotrichoanal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mannosidosis, alpha B, lysosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mannosidosis, beta A, lysosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maple syrup urine disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maple syrup urine disease 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maple syrup urine disease 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maple syrup urine disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Marfan syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Marinesco-Sjoegren syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Marshall syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Marshall-Smith syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Martsolf syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/MASP2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maternal acute fatty liver of pregnancy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 8 with exocrine dysfunction
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Maturity-onset diabetes of the young 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/May-Hegglin anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/McCune-Albright syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/McKusick-Kaufman syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/McLeod syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meacham syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meckel syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meconium ileus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Medullary cystic kidney disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Medullary thyroid carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Medulloblastoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Megalencephaly-capillary malformation-polymicrogyria syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Megalencephaly-polymicrogyria-polydactyly-hydrocephalus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Megaloblastic anemia due to dihydrofolate reductase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Megalocornea 1, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meier-Gorlin syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meier-Gorlin syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meier-Gorlin syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meier-Gorlin syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Meier-Gorlin syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma, cutaneous malignant 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma, cutaneous malignant 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma, cutaneous malignant 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma, cutaneous malignant 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma, cutaneous malignant 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melanoma-astrocytoma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melnick-Needles syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Melorheostosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Menkes disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation and microcephaly with pontine and cerebellar hypoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation with language impairment and autistic features
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, anterior maxillary protrusion, and strabismus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, aphasia, shuffling gait, and adducted thumbs syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal dominant 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 34
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, autosomal recessive 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, enteropathy, deafness, peripheral neuropathy, ichthyosis, and keratoderma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, truncal obesity, retinal dystrophy, and micropenis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 21
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 30
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 41
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 44
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 45
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 46
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 58
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 59
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 63
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 72
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 88
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 89
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 90
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 91
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 92
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 93
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 94
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked 95
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, ARX-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, associated with fragile site FRAXE
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, 32
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Christianson type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Claes-Jensen type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Lubs type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Martin-Probst type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Nascimento-type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, OPHN1-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Siderius type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Stocco dos Santos type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, Turner type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, with hypotonic facies 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, syndromic, ZDHHC9-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, SYP-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, with epilepsy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, with isolated growth hormone deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mental retardation, X-linked, ZNF711-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Merosin-deficient congenital muscular dystrophy 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mesothelioma, malignant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/metacarpal and metatarsal synostoses. Reciprocal translocation t(12;22)(p11.2;q13.3) with FBLN1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/metacarpal and metatarsal synostoses. Reciprocal translocation t(12;22)(p11.2;q13.3) with RASSF8. Fibroblasts derived from a patient with synpolydactyly displayed alterations in the level of isoform D splice variant incorporated into the ECM and secreted 
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Metachondromatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Metaphyseal anadysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Metaphyseal anadysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Metatropic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methemoglobinemia CYB5A-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methemoglobinemia CYB5R3-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methionine adenosyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylcobalamin deficiency type E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylcobalamin deficiency type G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylcrotonoyl-CoA carboxylase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylcrotonoyl-CoA carboxylase 2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblC
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblD
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblF
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblJ
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria type cblA
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria type cblB
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria type mut
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonic aciduria type TCblR
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Methylmalonyl-CoA epimerase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mevalonic aciduria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly and chorioretinopathy with or without mental retardation, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly with or without chorioretinopathy, lymphedema, or mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, Amish type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, epilepsy, and diabetes syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, postnatal progressive, with seizures and brain atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microcephaly, primary, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia with cataracts and iris abnormalities
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with cataract, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with cataract, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with coloboma, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with coloboma, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with coloboma, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with coloboma, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, isolated, with coloboma, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microphthalmia, syndromic, 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microspherophakia and/or megalocornea, with ectopia lentis and with or without secondary glaucoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microtia, hearing impairment, and cleft palate
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Microvascular complications of diabetes 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Migraine with or without aura 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/mild disorder that affects peripheral and central nervous system myelin
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Miller-Dieker lissencephaly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mirror movements 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mirror movements 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mismatch repair cancer syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitchell-Riley syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex I deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex II deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex III deficiency, nuclear 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex III deficiency, nuclear 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex III deficiency, nuclear 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex III deficiency, nuclear 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex IV deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex V deficiency, mitochondrial 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex V deficiency, mitochondrial 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex V deficiency, nuclear 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex V deficiency, nuclear 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial complex V deficiency, nuclear 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/mitochondrial disorder presenting with severe congenital lactic acidosis and dysmorphic features associated with a COX assembly defect. Other features include brain hypertrophy, diffuse alteration of the white-matter myelination, and numerous cavities in 
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 8A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 8B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial infantile bilateral striatal necrosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial phosphate carrier deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mitochondrial pyruvate carrier deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Miyoshi muscular dystrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Miyoshi muscular dystrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mohr-Tranebjaerg syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Molybdenum cofactor deficiency type A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Molybdenum cofactor deficiency type B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Molybdenum cofactor deficiency type C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Monilethrix
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Monocarboxylate transporter 8 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mononeuropathy of the median nerve mild
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mowat-Wilson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Moyamoya disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Moyamoya disease 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muckle-Wells syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucolipidosis type II
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucolipidosis type III complementation group A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucolipidosis type III complementation group C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucolipidosis type IV
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 1H
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 1H/S
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 1S
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 3C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 3D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mucopolysaccharidosis 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muenke syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muir-Torre syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mulibrey nanism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mullerian aplasia and hyperandrogenism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multicentric carpotarsal osteolysis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiminicore disease with external ophthalmoplegia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/multiple congenital abnormalities, including severe bilateral vesicoureteral reflux (VUR) with ureterovesical junction defects. Translocation t(Y;3)(p11;p12) with ROBO2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/multiple congenital abnormalities, including severe bilateral VUR with ureterovesical junction defects. Translocation t(Y;3)(p11;p12) with PCDH11Y. This translocation disrupts ROBO2 and produces dominant-negative ROBO2 proteins that abrogate SLIT-ROBO sig
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple endocrine neoplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia with myopia and conductive deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple familial trichoepithelioma 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple joint dislocations short stature craniofacial dysmorphism and congenital heart defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple myeloma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/multiple myeloma tumors. Translocation t(4;14)(p16.3;q32.3) with IgH
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple neoplasia 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple neoplasia 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple pterygium syndrome, Escobar variant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple pterygium syndrome, lethal type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple sclerosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple sclerosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple sclerosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple self-healing squamous epithelioma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple sulfatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple synostoses syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple synostoses syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multiple synostoses syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Multisystemic smooth muscle dysfunction syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscle glycogen storage disease 0
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscle hypertrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy congenital due to integrin alpha-7 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy congenital LMNA-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with brain and eye anomalies A8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with mental retardation B1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with mental retardation B2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with mental retardation B3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with mental retardation B6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital with or without mental retardation B5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy congenital without mental retardation B4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy limb-girdle C7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenia, limb-girdle, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, acetazolamide-responsive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, associated with acetylcholine receptor deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, associated with episodic apnea
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, Engel type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, fast-channel
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, slow-channel
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, with tubular aggregates, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myasthenic syndrome, congenital, with tubular aggregates, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Mycobacteriosis atypical X-linked 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/MYD88 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myelodysplastic syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/myelodysplastic syndrome with basophilia. Translocation t(5;12)(q31;p13) with ETV6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myelofibrosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myelofibrosis with myeloid metaplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myeloperoxidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/myeloproliferative disorder (MBD) associated with eosinophilia. Translocation t(1;5)(q23;q33) that forms a PDE4DIP-PDGFRB fusion protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myeloproliferative disorder chronic with eosinophilia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myhre syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/myloid deposits
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/myocardial infarction
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myocardial infarction 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myoglobinuria, acute recurrent, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myokymia isolated 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy with exercise intolerance Swedish type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy with lactic acidosis and sideroblastic anemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy with lactic acidosis and sideroblastic anemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, actin, congenital, with excess of thin myofilaments
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, centronuclear, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, centronuclear, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, centronuclear, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, centronuclear, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, centronuclear, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, distal, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, distal, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, distal, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, distal, Tateyama type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, early-onset, areflexia, respiratory distress, and dysphagia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, mitochondrial progressive, with congenital cataract, hearing loss and developmental delay
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myofibrillar, fatal infantile hypertonic, alpha-B crystallin-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopathy, myosin storage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopia 21
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myopia, high, with cataract and vitreoretinal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myosclerosis autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myotonia congenita, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myotonia congenita, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myotonia SCN4A-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Myxoid liposarcoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/n autosomal dominant bleeding disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/N-acetylaspartate deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/N-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/N-terminal acetyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Naegeli-Franceschetti-Jadassohn syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nail disorder, non-syndromic congenital, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nail disorder, non-syndromic congenital, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nail disorder, non-syndromic congenital, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nail disorder, non-syndromic congenital, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nail-patella syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nakajo syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nance-Horan syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nanophthalmos 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/naplastic large-cell lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Narcolepsy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Narcolepsy 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Natural killer cell and glucocorticoid deficiency with DNA repair defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Naxos disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nemaline myopathy 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neonatal inflammatory skin and bowel disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neonatal severe primary hyperparathyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrolithiasis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrolithiasis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrolithiasis/osteoporosis, hypophosphatemic, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrolithiasis/osteoporosis, hypophosphatemic, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/nephronophthisis a chronic tubulo-interstitial nephropathy taht leads to anemia, polyuria, polydipsia, isosthenuria and death in uremia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephronophthisis-like nephropathy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/nephronophthisis-related ciliopathies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephropathy with pretibial epidermolysis bullosa and deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 5 with or without ocular abnormalities
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nephrotic syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nestor-Guillermo progeria syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Netherton syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neural tube defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuroblastoma 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuroblastoma 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuroblastoma 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration due to cerebral folate transport deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurofibromatosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurofibromatosis 1-like syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurofibromatosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurofibromatosis-Noonan syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neurogenic scapuloperoneal syndrome Kaeser type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/neurometabolic developmental disorder characterized by muscular hypotonia, psychomotor retardation, failure to thrive, and microcephaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuromyotonia and axonal neuropathy, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 8, Northern epilepsy variant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 5A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 5B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuronopathy, distal hereditary motor, 7B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuropathy, ataxia, and retinitis pigmentosa
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neuropathy, congenital hypomyelinating or amyelinating
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutral lipid storage disease with myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutropenia severe congenital autosomal dominant 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutropenia severe congenital autosomal dominant 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutropenia severe congenital autosomal recessive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutropenia severe congenital autosomal recessive 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutropenia severe congenital X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Neutrophil immunodeficiency syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nicolaides-Baraitser syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Niemann-Pick disease A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Niemann-Pick disease B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Niemann-Pick disease C1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Niemann-Pick disease C2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 1E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, autosomal dominant 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, autosomal dominant 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, autosomal dominant 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, Oguchi type 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Night blindness, congenital stationary, Oguchi type 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nijmegen breakage syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nijmegen breakage syndrome-like disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/non-diabetic end stage renal disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/non-immune hydrops fetalis, a generalized edema of the fetus with fluid accumulation in the body cavities due to non-immune causes. Non-immune hydrops fetalis is not a diagnosis in itself but a symptom, a feature of many genetic disorders, and the end-sta
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-ketotic hyperglycinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/non-obstructive azoospermia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-phenylketonuria hyperphenylalaninemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Non-syndromic orofacial cleft 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nonaka myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome-like disorder with loose anagen hair
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Noonan syndrome-like disorder with or without juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Norrie disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/North American Indian childhood cirrhosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nystagmus congenital X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Nystagmus congenital X-linked 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Obesity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Obesity hyperphagia and developmental delay
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/obesity in some populations, as shown by significant differences in allele frequencies between obese and non-obese individuals
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/obesity, diabetes and coronary heart disease. Short-term endurance training reduces baseline ASP levels and subsequently fat storage
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Occipital horn syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Occult macular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oculoauricular syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oculodentodigital dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oculodentodigital dysplasia, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oculootoradial syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Odonto-onycho-dermal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ohdo syndrome, SBBYS variant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Oligodontia-colorectal cancer syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Olmsted syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Omenn syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Omodysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ophthalmoacromelic syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Opitz GBBB syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Opitz-Kaveggia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Opsismodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/opsoclonus-myoclonus ataxia-like syndrome. Opsoclonus myoclonus ataxia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Optic atrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Optic atrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Optic atrophy 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/oral squamous cell carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ornithine carbamoyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Orofaciodigital syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Orofaciodigital syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Orotic aciduria 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Orthostatic intolerance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoarthritis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoarthritis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoarthritis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoarthritis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoarthritis with mild chondrodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteochondritis dissecans short stature and early-onset osteoarthritis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteocraniostenosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenesis imperfecta 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteogenic sarcoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoglophonic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopathia striata with cranial sclerosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal dominant 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal dominant 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteopetrosis, autosomal recessive 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoporosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Otofaciocervical syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Otopalatodigital syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Otopalatodigital syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ovarian cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ovarian dysgenesis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ovarian dysgenesis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ovarian dysgenesis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/overactivity of the thyroid gland and hyperthyroidism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Overlap connective tissue disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/P5N deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pachyonychia congenita 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pachyonychia congenita 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paget disease of bone
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paget disease of bone 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pallister-Hall syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic agenesis and congenital heart defects
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic agenesis, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic and cerebellar agenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic cancer 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic cancer 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic cancer 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatic cancer 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pancreatitis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Panhypopituitarism X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/PAPA syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/papillary renal cell carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Papillon-Lefevre syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paraganglioma and gastric stromal sarcoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paragangliomas 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paragangliomas 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paragangliomas 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paragangliomas 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paragangliomas 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paramyotonia congenita of von Eulenburg
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parastremmatic dwarfism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/parathyroid adenomas. Translocation t(11;11)(q13;p15) with the parathyroid hormone (PTH) enhancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parathyroid carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parietal foramina 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parietal foramina 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parietal foramina with cleidocranial dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkes Weber syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson disease 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinson-dementia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Parkinsonism-dystonia infantile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/parosteal lipomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q28;q14) with HMGA2 is also shown in one parosteal lipoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/parosteal lipomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q28;q14) with LPP is also shown in one parosteal lipoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paroxysmal extreme pain disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Partial acquired lipodystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Partial gonadal dysgenesis with minifascicular neuropathy 46,XY
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Partington syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Patterned dystrophy of retinal pigment epithelium
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pediatric acute myeloid leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peeling skin syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peeling skin syndrome, acral type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pelger-Huet anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pendred syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodic fever, menstrual cycle-dependent
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodic paralysis hyperkalemic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodic paralysis hypokalemic 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodic paralysis hypokalemic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodic paralysis normokalemic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periodontititis, aggressive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peripheral demyelinating neuropathy, central dysmyelinating leukodystrophy, Waardenburg syndrome and Hirschsprung disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peripheral neuropathy, myopathy, hoarseness, and hearing loss
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periventricular nodular heterotopia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periventricular nodular heterotopia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Periventricular nodular heterotopia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Perlman syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 10A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 11A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 11B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 12A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 13A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 14B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 5A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 5B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 6A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 6B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 7A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 7B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 8A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 8B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder 9B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peroxisome biogenesis disorder complementation group K
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Perrault syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Perrault syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Perry syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Persistent Muellerian duct syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Persistent Muellerian duct syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peters anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peters-plus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Peutz-Jeghers syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pfeiffer syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phenylketonuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pheochromocytoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphoglycerate kinase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphohydroxylysinuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase superactivity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphoserine aminotransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Phosphoserine phosphatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pick disease of the brain
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Piebald trait
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pierson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pigmented paravenous chorioretinal atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pilomatrixoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pitt-Hopkins syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pituitary hormone deficiency, combined, 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pityriasis rubra pilaris
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Plasminogen deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Platelet glycoprotein IV deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Platyspondylic lethal skeletal dysplasia Torrance type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pleuropulmonary blastoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Poikiloderma with neutropenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycystic kidney disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycystic kidney disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycystic kidney disease, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycystic lipomembranous osteodysplasia with sclerosing leukoencephalopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycystic liver disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polycythemia vera
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polydactyly preaxial 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polydactyly, postaxial A1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polydactyly, postaxial B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polymicrogyria with seizures
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polymicrogyria, bilateral frontoparietal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polymicrogyria, symmetric or asymmetric
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polymicrogyria, with optic nerve hypoplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polyneuropathy, hearing loss, ataxia, retinitis pigmentosa, and cataract
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polyposis syndrome, mixed hereditary 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Polyposis syndrome, mixed hereditary 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pontocerebellar hypoplasia 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Popliteal pterygium syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Popliteal pterygium syndrome, lethal type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Porencephaly 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Porencephaly 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Postaxial acrofacial dysostosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Posterior column ataxia with retinitis pigmentosa
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Potocki-Shaffer syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pre-B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Preaxial polydactyly 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/preeclampsia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pregnancy loss, recurrent, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pregnancy loss, recurrent, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pregnancy loss, recurrent, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prekallikrein deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature chromatid separation trait
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Premature ovarian failure 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary avascular necrosis of femoral head
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary bile acid malabsorption
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary ciliary dyskinesia 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/primary ciliary dyskinesia. A disorder characterized by abnormalities of motile cilia. Respiratory infections leading to chronic inflammation and bronchiectasis are recurrent, due to defects in the respiratory cilia; reduced fertility is often observed in
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary erythermalgia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary failure of tooth eruption
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/primary hyperparathyroidism in adulthood. Patients suffer from osteoporosis and renal calculi, have marked hypercalcemia and increased serum PTH concentrations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary pulmonary hypertension
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Primary spontaneous pneumothorax
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pro-lymphocytic T-cell leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pro-opiomelanocortinin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions, autosomal dominant, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions, autosomal dominant, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions, autosomal dominant, 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions, autosomal dominant, 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions, autosomal dominant, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive familial heart block 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive familial heart block 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive osseous heteroplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive pseudorheumatoid arthropathy of childhood
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive supranuclear palsy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Progressive symmetric erythrokeratodermia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prolactin-secreting pituitary adenoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prolidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Proliferative vasculopathy and hydranencephaly-hydrocephaly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prolonged electroretinal response suppression
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Properdin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Propionic acidemia type I
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Propionic acidemia type II
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Proprotein convertase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer, hereditary, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer, hereditary, 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer, hereditary, 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer, hereditary, 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Prostate cancer, hereditary, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Protein-tyrosine kinase 2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Proteus syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudo-von Willebrand disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudoachondroplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 1, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 1, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoaldosteronism 2E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoparathyroidism 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoparathyroidism 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudohypoparathyroidism 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudovaginal perineoscrotal hypospadias
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudoxanthoma elasticum
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pseudoxanthoma elasticum-like disorder with multiple coagulation factor deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriasis generalized pustular
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psoriatic arthritis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Psychomotor retardation, epilepsy, and craniofacial dysmorphism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pulmonary chondroid hamartomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q27-q28;q14-q15) with HMGA2 is detected in pulmonary chondroid hamartomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pulmonary chondroid hamartomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q27-q28;q14-q15) with LPP is detected in pulmonary chondroid hamartomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary fibrosis, and/or bone marrow failure, telomere-related, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary fibrosis, idiopathic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pulmonary venoocclusive disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pycnodysostosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/pylocytic astrocytoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyridoxine-5'-phosphate oxidase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase E1-alpha deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase E1-beta deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase E2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase E3-binding protein deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase lipoic acid synthetase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate kinase deficiency of red cells
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Pyruvate kinase hyperactivity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Quebec platelet disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Radiohumeral fusions with other skeletal and craniofacial anomalies
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Radioulnar synostosis with amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Raine syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/RAPADILINO syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Recessive hereditary megaloblastic anemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Recurrent isolated invasive pneumococcal disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Recurrent isolated invasive pneumococcal disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Recurrent myoglobinuria mitochondrial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Refsum disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Regulator type Rh-null hemolytic anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal adysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal cell carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal cell carcinoma papillary
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal cysts and diabetes syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal dysplasia, cystic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal glucosuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, distal, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, distal, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, distal, with hemolytic anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, distal, with normal red cell morphology
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, distal, with progressive nerve deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular acidosis, proximal, with ocular abnormalities and mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal tubular dysgenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal-coloboma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renal-hepatic-pancreatic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Renpenning syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Restless legs syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Restless legs syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Reticular dysgenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal arterial macroaneurysm with supravalvular pulmonic stenosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal cone dystrophy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal degeneration autosomal recessive clumped pigment type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal dystrophy, iris coloboma, and comedogenic acne syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal macular dystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinal non-attachment, congenital, non-syndromic
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 18
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 19
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 25
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 26
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 27
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 30
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 31
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 33
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 35
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 36
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 37
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 38
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 39
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 40
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 41
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 42
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 43
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 44
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 45
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 46
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 47
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 48
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 49
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 50
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 51
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 53
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 54
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 55
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 56
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 57
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 58
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 59
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 60
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 61
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 62
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 64
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa and sinorespiratory infections with or without deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis pigmentosa autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/retinitis pigmentosa type 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinitis punctata albescens
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinopathy exudative with bone marrow failure
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Retinoschisis juvenile X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rett syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rett syndrome congenital variant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Reynolds syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhabdoid tumor predisposition syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhabdoid tumor predisposition syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhabdomyosarcoma 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhabdomyosarcoma 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/rhabdomyosarcoma. Translocation t(2;2)(q35;p23) with NCOA1 generates the NCOA1-PAX3 oncogene consisting of the N-terminus part of PAX3 and the C-terminus part of NCOA1. The fusion protein acts as a transcriptional activator. Rhabdomyosarcoma is the most c
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/rhabdomyosarcoma. Translocation t(2;2)(q35;p23) with PAX3 generates the NCOA1-PAX3 oncogene consisting of the N-terminus part of PAX3 and the C-terminus part of NCOA1. The fusion protein acts as a transcriptional activator. Rhabdomyosarcoma is the most co
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhegmatogenous retinal detachment autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rheumatoid arthritis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rheumatoid arthritis systemic juvenile
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Riboflavin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ribose 5-phosphate isomerase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rickets vitamin D-dependent 1A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rickets vitamin D-dependent 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rickets vitamin D-dependent 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Riddle syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rigid spine muscular dystrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rigidity and multifocal seizure syndrome, lethal neonatal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ring dermoid of cornea
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rippling muscle disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/risk of diabetes mellitus type 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Roberts syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Robinow syndrome autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Robinow syndrome autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Robinow-Sorauf syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rod-cone dystrophy Newfoundland
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rolandic epilepsy with speech dyspraxia and mental retardation X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rothmund-Thomson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Roussy-Levy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sacral defect with anterior meningocele
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Saethre-Chotzen syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/salivary gland pleiomorphic adenomas (PA) [181030]. Pleiomorphic adenomas are the most common benign epithelial tumors of the salivary gland. Translocation t(3;8)(p21;q12) with PLAG1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Salla disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Samaritan myopathy, a congenital myopathy with benign course. Patients display severe hypotonia and respiratory distress at birth. Unlike other congenital myopathies, the health status constantly improves and patients are minimally affected at adulthood
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sarcoidosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sarcoidosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sarcoidosis early-onset
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sarcosinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/SC phocomelia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Scapuloperoneal myopathy MYH7-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Scapuloperoneal spinal muscular atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schimmelpenning-Feuerstein-Mims syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schindler disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schinzel-Giedion midface retraction syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schizencephaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schizophrenia 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schizophrenia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schizophrenia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schizophrenia 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schmid type metaphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schneckenbecken dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schopf-Schulz-Passarge syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schwannomatosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Schwartz-Jampel syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sclerosteosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sclerosteosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Scott syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sea-blue histiocyte disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sebastian syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seborrhea-like dermatitis with psoriasiform elements
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seckel syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Segawa syndrome autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seizures, benign familial infantile 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seizures, benign familial infantile 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seizures, benign familial neonatal 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seizures, benign familial neonatal 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Seizures, sensorineural deafness, ataxia, mental retardation, and electrolyte imbalance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Selective pituitary thyroid hormone resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Selective T-cell defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Senior-Loken syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Senior-Loken syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Senior-Loken syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Senior-Loken syndrome 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Senior-Loken syndrome 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sensory ataxic neuropathy dysarthria and ophthalmoparesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Septooptic dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/several neurodegenerative diseases
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency Athabaskan type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency autosomal recessive T-cell-negative/B-cell-negative/NK-cell-negative due to adenosine deaminase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency autosomal recessive T-cell-negative/B-cell-negative/NK-cell-positive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency autosomal recessive T-cell-negative/B-cell-negative/NK-cell-positive with sensitivity to ionizing radiation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency autosomal recessive T-cell-negative/B-cell-positive/NK-cell-negative
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency autosomal recessive T-cell-negative/B-cell-positive/NK-cell-positive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency due to NHEJ1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe combined immunodeficiency X-linked T-cell-negative/B-cell-positive/NK-cell-negative
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/severe skeletal dysplasia reminiscent of anauxetic dysplasia. Affected individuals show severe growth retardation of prenatal onset, a bone dysplasia affecting the epiphyses and metaphyses of the long bones particularly in the lower limbs, and abnormaliti
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/severe speech and language impairment. Translocation t(5;7)(q22;q31.2)
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/sex reversal disorder. Translocation t(X;Y)(p22;p11) with PRKX. Chromosomal translocations proximal to PRKY account for about 30% of the cases of sex reversal disorder in XX males and XY females
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/sex reversal disorder. Translocation t(X;Y)(p22;p11) with PRKY. Chromosomal translocations proximal to PRKY account for about 30% of the cases of sex reversal disorder in XX males and XY females
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short QT syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short QT syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short QT syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short rib-polydactyly syndrome 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short rib-polydactyly syndrome 2B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short rib-polydactyly syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short rib-polydactyly syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short stature, idiopathic, autosomal
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short stature, idiopathic, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short stature, onychodysplasia, facial dysmorphism, and hypotrichosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short stature, optic nerve atrophy, and Pelger-Huet anomaly
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Short/branched-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Shprintzen-Goldberg craniosynostosis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Shwachman-Diamond syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sialidosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sialuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sick sinus syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sick sinus syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sick sinus syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sickle cell anemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Silver-Russell syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sinoatrial node dysfunction and deafness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sitosterolemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sjoegren-Larsson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Skeletal defects, genital hypoplasia, and mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Skin fragility-woolly hair syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Slowed nerve conduction velocity
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Small patella syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/small round cell sarcoma. Translocation t(11;22)(p36.1;q12) with PATZ1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/small round cell sarcoma. Translocation t(1;22)(p36.1;q12) with EWSR1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Smith-Magenis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Smith-McCort dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Snowflake vitreoretinal degeneration
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Solitary median maxillary central incisor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some cancers, such as brain or breast cancers. Expression is dramatically increased in aggressive undifferentiated tumors, correlating with poor patient outcome in breast and brain cancers, suggesting a role in tumor-initiating cells and proliferation via
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some cancers, such as breast cancers. Loss of SIK1 correlates with poor patient outcome in breast cancers
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some cancers, such as gastric, thyroid or B-cell lymphomas. Expression is cancer increased in tumor tissues with a poor prognosis, suggesting a role in malignant transformations and carcinogenesis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some cancers, such as pancreatic, oral squamous cell carcinomas or pituitary cancers. Contributes to cell transformation in response to growth factor treatment and is overexpressed in a number of tumors, indicating that EPS8 levels must be tightly regulat
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some sporadic cancers, especially lung cancers. Frequently mutated and inactivated in non-small cell lung cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/some T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemias
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sorsby fundus dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sotos syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sotos syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic ataxia autosomal recessive 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic ataxia autosomal recessive 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic ataxia Charlevoix-Saguenay type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 1, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 10, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 11, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 12, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 13, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 15, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 17, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 18, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 2, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 20, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 21, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 28, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 3, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 30, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 31, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 33, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 35, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 39, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 4, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 42, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 44, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 48, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 53, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 54, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 56, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 5A, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 6, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 7, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spastic paraplegia 8, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/specific loci. HARS mutations may directly predispose patients to peripheral neuropathy or may modify a peripheral neuropathy phenotype by contributing to the genetic and environmental load in a given patient
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Speech-language disorder 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spermatogenic failure Y-linked 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spherocytosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spherocytosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spherocytosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spherocytosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spherocytosis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spheroid body myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy with progressive myoclonic epilepsy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy X-linked 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy, lower extremity, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinal muscular atrophy, proximal, adult, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 12
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 14
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 15
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 17
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 20
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 23
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 27
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 28
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 29
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 31
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 35
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 36
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 7
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 13
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, 8
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, autosomal recessive, with axonal neuropathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spinocerebellar ataxia, X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Split-hand/foot malformation 1, with sensorineural hearing loss
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Split-hand/foot malformation 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Split-hand/foot malformation 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Split-hand/foot malformation 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylo-megaepiphyseal-metaphyseal dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloarthropathy 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylocarpotarsal synostosis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylocostal dysostosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylocostal dysostosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylocostal dysostosis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylocostal dysostosis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloenchondrodysplasia with immune dysregulation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia aggrecan type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia MATN3-related
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia Missouri type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia Pakistani type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia short limb-hand type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with joint laxity, 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Strudwick type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenital type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia Maroteaux type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia type Kimberley
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia with congenital joint dislocations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia Kozlowski type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spondyloperipheral dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Spongiform encephalopathy with neuropsychiatric features
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stapes ankylosis with broad thumb and toes
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stargardt disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stargardt disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stargardt disease 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/STAT1 deficiency complete
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Steatocystoma multiplex
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/stem cell leukemia lymphoma syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/stem cell myeloproliferative disorder
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stevens-Johnson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 1 non-syndromic ocular
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stickler syndrome 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stiff skin syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Striatal degeneration autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Stueve-Wiedemann syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/subclass of benign mesenchymal tumors known as lipomas. Translocation t(12;13)(q13-q15;q12) with HMGA2 is shown in lipomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/subclass of benign mesenchymal tumors known as lipomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q27-q28;q13-q15) with HMGA2 is shown in lipomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/subclass of benign mesenchymal tumors known as lipomas. Translocation t(3;12)(q27-q28;q13-q15) with LPP is shown in lipomas. HMGA2 is also fused with a number of other genes in lipomas
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Subcortical band heterotopia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Subcortical band heterotopia X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Succinyl-CoA-3-ketoacid-CoA transferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sudden cardiac death
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sudden infant death syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sudden infant death with dysgenesis of the testes syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Supravalvular aortic stenosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to atrial fibrillation, a common sustained cardiac rhythm disturbance. Atrial fibrillation is characterized by disorganized atrial electrical activity and ineffective atrial contraction promoting blood stasis in the atria and reduces ventri
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to autism
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to autism. MARK1 is overexpressed in the prefrontal cortex of patients with autism and causes changes in the function of cortical dendrites
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to Behcet disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to breast cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to coronary atherosclerosis in the Japanese population
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to essential hypertension
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to J-wave syndromes, a group of heart disorders characterized by early repolarization events as indicated by abnormal J-wave manifestation on electrocardiogram
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome is characterized by diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and hypertriglyceridemia is absent
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to myocardial infarction
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to myocardial infarction. Involvement in myocardial infarction is however unclear: according to some authors
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to schizophrenia, a mental disorder characterized by a breakdown of thought processes and by poor emotional responsiveness. Genetic mutations lead to alterations in the glutamatergic transmisssion in the brain and modified Akt signaling
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/susceptibility to stroke. PubMed:17006457 states that association with stroke has to be considered with caution
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Sveinsson chorioretinal atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Symphalangism proximal syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Symptomatic deficiency in lactate transport
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Syndactyly 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Syndactyly 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Syndactyly 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/syndrome characterized by polyhydramnios, megalencephaly and symptomatic epilepsy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Syndromic multisystem autoimmune disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/synovial sarcoma. Translocation t(X;18)(p11.2;q11.2). The translocation is specifically found in more than 80% of synovial sarcoma. The fusion products SSXT-SSX1 or SSXT-SSX2 are probably responsible for transforming activity. Heterogeneity in the positio
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Synpolydactyly 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 10
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 11
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 16
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic lupus erythematosus 9
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Systemic primary carnitine deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/T-cell immunodeficiency, congenital alopecia, and nail dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/T-cell immunodeficiency, recurrent infections, and autoimmunity with or without cardiac malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tardive tibial muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/TARP syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Temtamy preaxial brachydactyly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tenascin-X deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Terminal osseous dysplasia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Testicular germ cell tumor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tetraamelia, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tetralogy of Fallot
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thanatophoric dysplasia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thanatophoric dysplasia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/The autosomal recessive cornea plana 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/the milder pattern phenotypes or with digenic RP are scattered more evenly through the gene and are often nonsense mutations. This observation correlates with the hypothesis that the large loop is an important site of interaction between PRPH2 molecules a
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/the transformation of follicular lymphoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome. Translocation t(2;8)(p23;p11.2) with ASXL2 generates a KAT6A-ASXL2 fusion protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome. Translocation t(2;8)(p23;p11.2) with KAT6A generates a KAT6A-ASXL2 fusion protein
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/these polymorphisms is increased in frontal cortex of patients with FTLD-TDP compared to unaffected controls. Thus, increased TMEM106B expression in the brain may be linked to mechanisms of disease in FTLD-TDP and risk alleles confer genetic susceptibilit
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thiamine metabolism dysfunction syndrome 2, biotin- or thiamine-responsive type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thiamine metabolism dysfunction syndrome 4, bilateral striatal degeneration and progressive polyneuropathy type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thiamine metabolism dysfunction syndrome 5, episodic encephalopathy type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thiopurine S-methyltransferase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocythemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocythemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocythemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocytopenia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocytopenia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocytopenia 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombocytopenia with beta-thalassemia, X-linked
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to activated protein C resistance
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to heparin cofactor 2 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to histidine-rich glycoprotein deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to protein C deficiency, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to protein C deficiency, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to protein S deficiency, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to protein S deficiency, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to thrombin defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia due to thrombomodulin defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombophilia, X-linked, due to factor IX defect
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid dyshormonogenesis 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/thyroid neoplasms
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroid papillary carcinoma
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Thyroxine-binding globulin deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tietz syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Timothy syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tn polyagglutination syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Toe syndactyly, telecanthus, and anogenital and renal malformations
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tooth agenesis selective 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tooth agenesis selective 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tooth agenesis selective 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tooth agenesis selective 6
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tooth agenesis selective X-linked 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Torg-Winchester syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Total anomalous pulmonary venous return
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Townes-Brocks syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transaldolase 1 deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transcobalamin II deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient familial neonatal hyperbilirubinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient infantile liver failure
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transposition of the great arteries dextro-looped 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transposition of the great arteries dextro-looped 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Transposition of the great arteries dextro-looped 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Treacher Collins syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Treacher Collins syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Treacher Collins syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tremor, hereditary essential 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tremor, hereditary essential 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tricho-rhino-phalangeal syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tricho-rhino-phalangeal syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tricho-rhino-phalangeal syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichodentoosseous syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichohepatoenteric syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichohepatoenteric syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichothiodystrophy non-photosensitive 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichothiodystrophy photosensitive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trichotillomania
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trifunctional protein deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trigonocephaly 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trigonocephaly 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Trimethylaminuria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Triosephosphate isomerase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Triphalangeal thumb-polysyndactyly syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tritan color blindness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tropical calcific pancreatitis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tuberous sclerosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tuberous sclerosis 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/tumor formation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/tumor invasiveness
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tumor predisposition syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tumoral calcinosis, hyperphosphatemic, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tumoral calcinosis, normophosphatemic, familial
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tylosis with esophageal cancer
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Type IIb congenital disorder of glycosylation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tyrosinemia 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tyrosinemia 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Tyrosinemia 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ubiquitin-positive frontotemporal dementia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ullrich congenital muscular dystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ulnar-mammary syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Unilateral palmoplantar verrucous nevus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Urban-Rifkin-Davis syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Uric acid nephrolithiasis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Urocanase deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Urofacial syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1D/F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 1J
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 2C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 3A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Usher syndrome 3B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/utism spectrum disorders
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/utism spectrum disorders susceptibility
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/utopsy-negative sudden unexplained death syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/utosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa with choroidal involvement
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/utosomal recessive ataxia with oculomotor apraxia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/UV-sensitive syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/UV-sensitive syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/UV-sensitive syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/VACTERL association
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/VACTERL association with hydrocephalus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/VACTERL association X-linked with or without hydrocephalus
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Van Buchem disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Van Buchem disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Van den Ende-Gupta syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Van der Woude syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Van der Woude syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/variation within a 233-kb linkage disequilibrium block on chromosome 16p13 that includes KIAA0350. Three common non-coding variants of KIAA0350 in strong linkage disequilibrium reach genome-wide significance for association with the disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Variegate porphyria
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/variety of human tumors, most frequently neuroblastoma, where the level of amplification appears to increase as the tumor progresses
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vasculopathy, retinal, with cerebral leukodystrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Velocardiofacial syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular septal defect 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular septal defect 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular septal defect 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular tachycardia, catecholaminergic polymorphic 1, with or without atrial dysfunction and/or dilated cardiomyopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular tachycardia, catecholaminergic polymorphic 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Ventricular tachycardia, catecholaminergic polymorphic 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vertical talus, congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vesicoureteral reflux 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vesicoureteral reflux 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vici syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitelliform macular dystrophy 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitiligo
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitiligo-associated multiple autoimmune disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinochoroidopathy, autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinopathy, exudative 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinopathy, exudative 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinopathy, exudative 4
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinopathy, exudative 5
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vitreoretinopathy, neovascular inflammatory
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vohwinkel syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Vohwinkel syndrome with ichthyosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/von Hippel-Lindau disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/von Willebrand disease 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/von Willebrand disease 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/von Willebrand disease 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 2, with ocular albinism, autosomal recessive
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 2A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 2D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 2E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 4A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 4B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Waardenburg syndrome 4C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wagner vitreoretinopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Warburg micro syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Warburg micro syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Warburg micro syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Warsaw breakage syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Watson syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weaver syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weill-Marchesani syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weill-Marchesani syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weill-Marchesani syndrome 3
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weill-Marchesani-like syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Weissenbacher-Zweymueller syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Werner syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/WHIM syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/White sponge nevus of cannon
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wiedemann-Steiner syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wilms tumor
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wilms tumor 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wilson disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wilson-Turner X-linked mental retardation syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolcott-Rallison syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolfram syndrome 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolfram syndrome 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolfram-like syndrome autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wolman disease
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Woodhouse-Sakati syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Woolly hair autosomal dominant
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Woolly hair autosomal recessive 1 with or without hypotrichosis
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Woolly hair autosomal recessive 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Wrinkly skin syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenital
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked agammaglobulinemia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked childhood-onset reducing body myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked combined immunodeficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked creatine deficiency syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked dominant scapuloperoneal myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked dyserythropoietic anemia and thrombocytopenia
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked familial atypical micobacteriosis 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked hypogammaglobulinemia and isolated growth hormone deficiency
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked hypospadias 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked Leigh syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked mental retardation
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked mental retardation in Xq13.1. Translocation t(X;13)(q13.1;?)
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked myopathy with excessive autophagy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked myopathy with postural muscle atrophy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked severe early-onset reducing body myopathy
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/X-linked syndromic mental retardation Snyder-Robinson type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xanthinuria 1
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xanthinuria 2
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group A
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group B
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group D
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group E
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group F
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group G
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Xeroderma pigmentosum variant type
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/XFE progeroid syndrome
http://nectarmutation.org/main/search/disease/Zinc deficiency, transient neonatal
